Update miner configuration docs (#761)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/mine/lotus/miner-configuration.md

```

Depending on the network congestion the base fee for a transaction may grow or decrease. Your gas limits will have to be at any case larger than the base fee for the messages to be included. A very large max fee can however result in the quick burning of funds when the base fees are very high, as the miner automatically submits messages during normal operation, so be careful about this. It is also necessary to have more funds available then any max fee set, even if the actual fee will be far less then the max fee set. \*MaxWindowPostGasFee is currently reduced, but the setting used should remain fairly high, eg. 2FIL.

## Addresses section

> The addresses section allows to specify additional addresses to send messages from. This helps with avoiding head-of-line blocking of important messages when network fees are high. For more details see the [Miner addresses](miner-addresses.md) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The addresses section allows users to specify additional addresses to send messages from. This helps mitigate head-of-line blocking for important messages when network fees are high. For more details see the [Miner addresses](miner-addresses.md) section.
```
